README.md, before:

Hoverboard
=============================================

A WordPress theme for developers, built on Bootstrap.

This is intended to be used as a parent theme. A starter child theme exists; 
[get it here][hoverboard-child-starter].

Documentation
-------------

For documentation, check out [the wiki][wiki].


Issues
------

To view or report issues, please use [the issue tracker][issues].

Before you submit a new issue, please check through the issue tracker to make sure it doesn't already exist.

If the problem is something you can fix, fix it and submit a pull request.


Changelog
---------

### 0.2.0

* Removed Advanced Custom Fields as a bundled dependency

### 0.1.2

* Fixed a notice when dealing with post pagination

### 0.1.1

* Added a Bower config

### 0.1.0

* Initial beta release


Versioning
----------

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, this theme will be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit [http://semver.org/](http://semver.org/).


Authors
-------

**Jason Lengstorf**

+ [http://twitter.com/jlengstorf](http://twitter.com/jlengstorf)
+ [http://github.com/jlengstorf](http://github.com/jlengstorf)

**Alex Newman**

+ [http://twitter.com/thedotmack](http://twitter.com/thedotmack)
+ [http://github.com/thedotmack](http://github.com/thedotmack)

**Roger Stringer**

+ [http://twitter.com/freekrai](http://twitter.com/freekrai)
+ [http://github.com/freekrai](http://github.com/freekrai)


Attributions
------------


![Hoverboard](http://i.imgur.com/EYTa2aL.png)
Special thanks to [Everaldo Coelho](http://www.everaldo.com/) for letting us use this sweet icon.


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright 2014 Copter Labs, Inc.

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Copter Labs, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

[hoverboard-child-starter]: https://github.com/copterlabs/hoverboard-child
[wiki]: https://github.com/copterlabs/hoverboard/wiki
[issues]: https://github.com/copterlabs/hoverboard/issues

Commit message:

chore(version): bumped the version and updated the changelog

README.md, after:

Hoverboard
=============================================

A WordPress theme for developers, built on Bootstrap.

This is intended to be used as a parent theme. A starter child theme exists; 
[get it here][hoverboard-child-starter].

Documentation
-------------

For documentation, check out [the wiki][wiki].


Issues
------

To view or report issues, please use [the issue tracker][issues].

Before you submit a new issue, please check through the issue tracker to make sure it doesn't already exist.

If the problem is something you can fix, fix it and submit a pull request.


Changelog
---------

### 0.2.1

* Set Bootstrap to always load the latest version

### 0.2.0

* Removed Advanced Custom Fields as a bundled dependency

### 0.1.2

* Fixed a notice when dealing with post pagination

### 0.1.1

* Added a Bower config

### 0.1.0

* Initial beta release


Versioning
----------

For transparency and insight into our release cycle, and for striving to maintain backward compatibility, this theme will be maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

`<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

For more information on SemVer, please visit [http://semver.org/](http://semver.org/).


Authors
-------

**Jason Lengstorf**

+ [http://twitter.com/jlengstorf](http://twitter.com/jlengstorf)
+ [http://github.com/jlengstorf](http://github.com/jlengstorf)

**Alex Newman**

+ [http://twitter.com/thedotmack](http://twitter.com/thedotmack)
+ [http://github.com/thedotmack](http://github.com/thedotmack)

**Roger Stringer**

+ [http://twitter.com/freekrai](http://twitter.com/freekrai)
+ [http://github.com/freekrai](http://github.com/freekrai)


Attributions
------------


![Hoverboard](http://i.imgur.com/EYTa2aL.png)
Special thanks to [Everaldo Coelho](http://www.everaldo.com/) for letting us use this sweet icon.


Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright 2014 Copter Labs, Inc.

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Copter Labs, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

[hoverboard-child-starter]: https://github.com/copterlabs/hoverboard-child
[wiki]: https://github.com/copterlabs/hoverboard/wiki
[issues]: https://github.com/copterlabs/hoverboard/issues
